README.md, before:

Sping Pong
----------

What?
-----
This repo contains Spin Pong - a spin-off of Pong (pun intended)! A game I developed as my first serious game project. 
It is programmed in C#, using SFML (with C#-bindings) and Box2D (with C#-bindings).

- SFML (Simple and Fast Multimedia Library) is used for handling input, graphics, audio, windowing and text
- Box2D is used for collision detection and response

Project:
---------
sping-pong : A full playable game with gameplay similar to Pong.  Four different difficuly levels. 
             Graphics created in Paint.net. Sounds found from the internet.

How to play?
------------
The ball speeds up at a constant rate. You may notice that the AI is almost impossible to defeat. 
This is where the "Spin" from "Spin Pong" comes into play. When you hit the ball, move your 
mouse in the same direction the ball is going in. This is the key to winning !

Other
-----
Check out credits for sound: ATTRIBUTIONS.txt. This project uses the MIT license. Feel free to poke.

Commit message:

Update README.md, rename the binary .zip file
Updated README.md

organize folders, updated readme

Add license, readme and attributions to game .zip file. Updated README.md

Updated README.md

Update README.md

Update README.md

Add image reference to README.md

Update README.md

Update README.md

Update README.md

Update README.md

Update README.md

README.md, after:

Spin Pong
----------
![alt tag](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/5671281/5238002/d2110caa-78b1-11e4-8f73-6a73dac84293.jpg)
What?
-----
This repo contains Spin Pong - a spin-off of Pong! A game I developed as my first serious game project. 
The game is programmed in C#, using SFML (with C#-bindings) and Box2D (with C#-bindings).

- SFML (Simple and Fast Multimedia Library) is used for handling input, graphics, audio, windowing and text
- Box2D is used for collision detection and response

Project:
---------
- Gameplay similar to Pong, but with a twist
- Play vs. AI
- Four different difficulty levels
- Graphics created in Paint.net
- Sounds found from the internet

How to download?
----------------
You have to download the game binary, assets and required .dll's. I bundled them all in one 1,64MB .zip file.
This .zip file contains the executable.

- Navigate to the folder "bin" on top of the site
- Click the file "spinpong.zip"
- On the right, click the button named "Raw"
- This downloads the .zip file

How to play?
------------
Move the paddle with mouse. The ball speeds up at a constant rate. You may notice that the AI is almost impossible to defeat.
This is where the "Spin" from "Spin Pong" comes into play. When you hit the ball, move your 
mouse in the same direction the ball is going in. This is the key to winning!

Other
-----
Check out credits for sound: ATTRIBUTIONS.txt. This project uses the MIT license. Feel free to poke.
